[LiveComponent] Add modifier option to LiveProp (#1507)
symfony/ux: src/LiveComponent/doc/index.rst

        }
    }

Set LiveProp Options Dynamically
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. versionadded:: 2.15

Reviewer: 2.17 - I'm going to release 2.16 now without this, but then I think we can merge this very shortly so it's ready for 2.17.

    The ``modifier`` option was added in LiveComponents 2.15.

If you need to configure a LiveProp's options dynamically, you can use the ``modifier`` option to use a custom
method in your component that returns a modified version of your LiveProp::

    #[AsLiveComponent]
    class ProductSearch
    {
        #[LiveProp(writable: true, modifier: 'modifyAddedDate')]
        public ?\DateTimeImmutable $addedDate;

        #[LiveProp]
        public string $dateFormat = 'Y-m-d';

        // ...

        public function modifyAddedDate(LiveProp $prop): LiveProp
        {
            return $prop->withFormat($this->dateFormat);
        }
    }

Then, when using your component in a template, you can change the date format used for ``$addedDate``:

.. code-block:: twig

    {{ component('ProductSearch', {
        dateFormat: 'd/m/Y'
    }) }}

All ``LiveProp::with*`` methods are immutable, so you need to use their return value as your new LiveProp.

.. caution::

>     You must not rely on props that also use a modifier in other modifiers methods. This is because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Avoid relying on props that also use a modifier in other modifiers methods. For example, if
    the `$dateFormat` property above also had a `modifier` option, then it wouldn't be safe
    to reference it from the `modifyAddedDate` modifier method. This is because the
    `$dateFormat` property may not have been hydrated by this point.
```

Often, I try to keep these notes short. But this is a tricky one. It will rarely be a problem... but I think the shorter version wasn't clear enough and could make some users worry they are doing something wrong when they are not.

>     necessarily be applied in the correct order when hydrating components.

Reviewer: ```
You must not rely on properties that also use a modifier in other modifiers methods. This is because
those properties may not have been hydrated by this point.
```
